
Steps to running the one-click installer:
1. Enter the local-gen folder in the Abyss Diver Folder
    a. For Windows, run the "one-click-comfyui.bat"
    b. For Linux, run the "one-click-comfyui.sh"
    c. For Mac, run the "one-click-comfyui.sh"
2. Run the related file and wait for the disk drive prompt.
    a. It will be installing git, python, pip, and python packages.
3. You'll be prompted telling you the amount of space the one-click installer requires. Hit enter after confirming you have enough space.
4. The downloading process may take a while depending on your internet connection - every downloaded 10th of the file size will alert you.
5. Once ComfyUI installs with its nodes and models, it will start "uvicorn running on http://127.0.0.1:8188". This means COMFYUI is running!
6. You'll be prompted about where you will be running your image generation.
    a. For Windows, only NVIDIA graphic cards are supported, otherwise you'll manually have setup ComfyUI to support AMD GPUs / Intel GPUs.
    b. For Linux, all GPUs are supported.
    c. For Mac, all GPUs are supported.
7. Once you see the "[ComfyUI-Manager] default cache updated" message, you can now use the generator in Abyss Diver!
8. Head to your Abyss Diver Settings and enable ComfyUI generation.
9. Head to the AI Portrait Passage and there will be text saying comfyui is available in green.
10. If you see this, you can now generate as you please!


Troubleshoot:
- "git" is not a valid command:
    a. You'll need to install git manually at https://git-scm.com/downloads
- "py" / "python" / "python3" is not a valid command:
    a. You'll need to manually install python at https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3109/
- Models don't download (check task manager for network activity):
    a. manually download each model (links are available in the top of the "installer.py" file at "HUGGINGFACE_CHECKPOINTS_TO_DOWNLOAD" and "HUGGINGFACE_LORAS_TO_DOWNLOAD"
    b. { "filename" : "download_url" } is the layout, so download each file and rename them to the "filename" in the checkpoints/lora folder in ComfyUI -> models
- patool failed to extract:
    a. Check patool is installed with "py -m pip install patool" and replace "py" with "python" or "python3" if it says python is not a valid command.
    b. If this does not fix it still, manually unzip it using 7zip or any other tools that support 7zip archives.
- "defaulting to user installation because normal site-packages is not writeable":
    a. EXTREMELY IMPORTANT ERROR!!!!!!!
    b. This means you've installed python in Program Files, which user-mode applications CANNOT write to!
    c. To fix, uninstall python and reinstall using your current user as the install path rather than Program Files.
